yo hi guys Karen hear that was a bit of
a late reaction there but we're in the
game and this is s14 I made in my card
bills and tune in episodes if you
haven't checked that out then feel free
to check that out so really a nice s14
and let's go with the other that's 14 to
get out in front of everyone get the
school down on the cards and let them be
under pressure trying to catch up with
the school and so we are just made a
grip racing episode at the same time so
if i do spin out i've kind of been grip
racing so yeah might be a bit sloppy or
something but I kind of grit raised by
drift in any way like most of our
corners a sideways anyway
while I need to get past is going on
he's going so slow but yeah I still have
more points than him like
heys much on so I can go partner thank
you
okay so now let's get into the swing of
things get testing this car because at
the moment it's doing ok but I will
stuck up against stuck behind some guy
couldn't get into my rhythm so let's try
and get into a rhythm now let's see what
this cars got and the moment it's kind
of low angle but like I said I having
grit racing so kind of a different
change from trying to keep it from
actually sliding out to actually want it
to slide out soon yeah if I get the win
then that's pretty much the cars on down
if I don't get the win putting cuz
that's on an epic in the game that's
what everyone says the light well you
don't come first and forces so that
doesn't mean you're less like whenever I
ever said I'm the best for the drift
than never I'm probably not in the
middle pack remove like everyone I'm not
like the best I'm not the worst like I'm
probably in that middle pack I've got a
YouTube private message the
other day and its proper like ripping
into me like saying why why are you
glowing why you're doing this it's like
I'm not greedy I'm not going in a way
I'm making videos to help people like
it's not really glowing
but you guys like it so I can't complain
can I oh this is a short track I better
not go over the line this time oh shiat
nearly did so yeah that was the s14 its
kind of performed really well yeah he
didn't notice it was the line and I'm
17,000 in front of song but they have
will come down but I don't think they're
gonna get 16,000 from like two little
corners so yeah I think I've oneness so
yeah feel free to check this car out in
my car peels and tuna sighs and if you
enjoy this pretty girl like and I'll see
you later boy